User guide: Ensure user name must be 'ubuntu' (#366)
project-chip/certification-tool: docs/Matter_TH_User_Guide/Matter_TH_User_Guide.adoc

                                                                     * Fix the Thread RCP Firmware link. +
                                                                     * Add Nrfconnect Sample APPs Firmwares section with link.
| 36          | 09-Aug-2024  | [Apple] Antonio Melo Jr.            | * Adding the new cleanup procedure to the troubleshooting of TH Installation section.

> | 37          | 13-ug-2024   | [Apple] Hilton Lima                 | * Remove old references for TH image (obsolete).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 37          | 13-Aug-2024   | [Apple] Hilton Lima                 | * Remove old references of TH image (obsolete).
```

> | 37          | 13-Aug-2024   | [Apple] Hilton Lima                 | * Remove old references of TH image (obsolete).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 37          | 13-Aug-2024   | [Apple] Hilton Lima                | * Remove old references of TH image (obsolete).
```

>                                                                      * Add a warning to ensure the username needs to be 'ubuntu'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                                                     * Add a warning to ensure that the username needs to be 'ubuntu'.
```

In the case where a device maker/hobby developer needs to bring up a sample/reference DUT, i.e. light bulb, door lock, etc. using the example apps provided in SDK and verify provisioning of the DUT over the Bluetooth LE, Wi-Fi and Ethernet interfaces, follow the below steps to set up the DUT.

Users can either use the example apps (i.e. light bulb, door lock, etc.) that are shipped with the TH OR build the apps from the latest SDK source. 

To use the apps that are shipped with the TH, follow the instructions below:

* Do a fresh install of TH (<<fresh_install, Installation on Raspberry Pi>>).
* Go to the apps folder in /home/ubuntu/apps (as shown below) and launch the app that the user is interested in.

image:images/img_3.png[]

To build the example apps from the latest SDK source, follow the instructions below: 

* User to acquire Raspberry Pi Version (4 or 5) with SD card of minimum 64 GB memory.

> * Flash the latest Ubuntu LTS image and install all the required dependencies as outlined in https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/guides/BUILDING.md[https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/guides/BUILDING.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Do a fresh install of the {ubuntu-description} image and install all the required dependencies as outlined in https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/guides/BUILDING.md[https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/guides/BUILDING.md].
```
